sup guys cream here you guys really
really wanted a new a new eating contest
with me my little brother and I was like
you know what uh just whatever let's
let's do it let's do it and it's
literally like in every type of video I
post the comment either the comments in
the video either relate to the you know
the video or they relate to wins the
next eating contest with your little bro
because we want to see shadi be Joe but
well guess what we're doing a corn dog
eating competition mini corn dogs and
shadi is not gonna beat me I am gonna be
no problem nothing no I don't probably
win that don't know how that is doubt
tell me in the car you below I will 15
seconds who do you think is gonna win
cream that's me
or schastye look at a shirt that's a
bell this is a little lame guys to fail
that were you know it's good
you
here we go guys ruining my life you guys
love you so much
wait hand me I'm just I was gonna toast
you know hand me you don't want to tell
us no we can toast Oh
in the walk nuts kid are you good here
looking for now do you um bleep out all
the chewing no they get pretty nasty
it's like I'm I don't feel like that
guys okay
just kind of happen all right for you
and uh joking overview Oh big shout-out
to Jessica and Paul - really - really
awesome people and they helped me come
up with this poo selection during a very
long Skype call thanks guys see last
time was a fail cuz we was a Taco Bell
and they just closed so the meat was
just like really nasty we got like to
end the night in meat so it was like
really gross how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood about 18 ounces out okay so
thick it
oh I don't worry look at me like I'm
worried I'm losing again ha I broke the
plate 20 down 40 more to go by the way
this is a bonus plate sudden-death round
right here - whoo - dude dude dude dude
so what you're not doing the screen just
time now he told me to do in the car I
was like I'm not doing on a camera
where's the two different sheds yes well
hot dog isn't it you guys what's up
dumpling oh I got nothing unsubscribe
you don't know what dougie that's it I'm
like Doug's friend Skeeter whenever I
meet her no way to fly no that's yours I
don't want the cake like you know what
do we do that I want to kill it
yeah fly away you guys hungry you just
earned it tastes nasty it was really
good for the woman go away what shoot
was it fun fly fly go away don't come
back that's a ring sock Rain Man go hey
guys
pausing the video that means he's about
to give up and it's dope this dog you
started psych you out didn't you learn
anything from last night voted for him
and now you want me you know- chance
change that before it for me now you
want him never did you change that with
me but if you want to keep the most the
same now you're the chance to say that
Bo 15 seconds
you
thought it down you didn't want water
oh my god Wow you didn't ask me for
water cuz we have this whole gallon
right there
whoa don't I feel stupid then again what
do you need a drop pop pop oh it's okay
though I don't got one yeah looks like
I'm gonna bread right I'm gonna prep
right now I'm gonna punch him right now
and I'm gonna burp and then I'm gonna
beat him so don't have you voted for me
didn't you say that last time too
oh I can prove it all out right now I
mean we're gonna stick to a team giving
us could I just win already that video
oh my god remember when I had 16 I beat
you at one time when I at 16 I beat you
what you have yeah it just wasn't 16 I'm
the blue M&M with the brown inside
eating these corn dogs is have our
design didn't make my plans but I don't
care I'll do it in the air miss it
bounced down back up poke him about Oh
little brother he's down the bow just
select think of sorry did he just look
oh he misses oh my god then he goes oh
he makes it oh I came back down smiling
for you guys thumbs up first her corn
dog smiley face if you guys like that
thumbs up smiley face for breakfast
he's a little bit of favoriting the
video for the lunch yeah I think I'm
clever but I'm really not and here's a
little bit of water for sharing the
video Facebook there's a bottle of
ketchup for being a tool because a
wrench for for having an imagined no you
should so like you've been Joe Johnson
obear hey give up give up little bear
okay I'll know put your hand up in the
air pocket Aki's if you can okay bit
bigger people did this Oh
- Oh what it adds and three right there
oh the more visionary pretends to be oh
oh oh my god
oh hey you I hate you so much
well I look like an idiot guys guys guys
I apologize I know some of you guys have
so much supporting me
I just can't beat him this is what we
gonna do new contest
do you guys like video games maybe the
play chill in a video game maybe we can
pogo stick the longest or we can go on a
pogo stick for a second we can go on a
killing rampage so you like having
people we can kill before we get caught
order but like we kill the bad people
like next or killing just something but
eating please play it anyway if you're
new to the video BAM
see that click that what happens you
subscribe to us mainly me but sometimes
us new videos come out you get it to
your home page it's a good time for
everybody boom see that don't click that
but that's the like button you can go
down there and click it and if you click
it someone punches him in the face it's
pretty exciting I think I spat I softly
see it he's had a spit you know in
number oh this'll ant and I hit write
his pupil and brighten his retina and
he's blind lookit
zoom oh poor game poor good well limit
them in the end this and the last thing
there's really crazy button down there I
don't I don't know how to read but it
says share I know makes no sense I don't
how to read but I noticed that if you
click it there's options you can share
on Twitter Facebook and for some reason
that's just like a good thing I don't
know why I don't ask questions I don't
make the rules I just do really weird
and motions but anyway I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go and uh thank you
guys for watching um yeah this was
torture thank you guys for ruining my
life Russia guys we're gonna start with
the pizza right we're gonna save the
crust to the end because you know the
bread is pop the hardest part so the
cross will be like the sudden death you
know so another got to reduce your just
in case we both feel like
easily so we're gonna see oh my name is
Rory sure's and I use excited rent
somehow I gained a lot of weight when
you guys weren't watching can I use this
pill what a sellout